why is dream specs way better than real
sex with let's play come when you want
them to girl that is so true when I'm
done not done ever think about all the
stuff we've done and wonder how we did
not die it's a cultural thing we are too
bad as planes like those who
raised Wonder Woman we've worked our
asses off we've opened up our own store
we'll win it when four hundred and
ninety-three thousand dollars in debt
[Music]
I'm Clara Luna I am going to invest 1.7
million dollars on you we would love a
million but in my experience business
and friendship don't always mix you
don't have to worry your pretty little
head my head is not little it's just
that my breasts are humongous you want
to be a businesswoman you're gonna have
to act like a boss you have to fire him
what don't hate me hate Mel was her idea
witness my tragic moment introducing a
new product at her launch party she just
wants to steal our ideas we gonna break
this bitch's back
[Music]
I'll punch that in the face I
would marry you if I was in the coochie
those two peppers they are very spicy
just a little sliver goes a long way the
peppers are really hot goats milk soda
[Music]